Add base URL configuration to more easily inquire about the underlying API URL (#639)
hashicorp/go-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

## Enhancements

> * Adds `BaseURL` and `BaseRegistryURL` methods to `Client` to more interrogate its configuration by @brandonc [#638](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/638)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds `BaseURL` and `BaseRegistryURL` methods to `Client` to expose its configuration by @brandonc [#638](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/638)
```

Author: more interrogate
